When do I get paid?
We get paid on the 15th and last day of each month.
Where are the washrooms?
Check the map.  There are four on the third floor, four on the second floor, and two on the first floor.
Where are the exits?
There are several exit stairwells throughout the building, generally at the corners of the building.  However, you can only enter the building through the main reception lobby stairwell, back loading dock, and two stairwells from the roof.
Is there any free parking?
Sadly, no.
How much is pay parking?
Paid day parking in Yaletown generally averages about $10-12/day.  The rooftop parking costs $10.50 for the day from 6am to 6pm.  You can also purchase monthly paid parking passes at some of the nearby garages.
Is the office open on weekends?
Why are you coming to work on a weekend?  Anyways, Security is on site 24 hours 7 days a week.  Use your badge to access the building after business hours or on weekends.
Where are the nearest Skytrain stations?
Yaletown Canada Line station is about 2 blocks west of SAP Vancouver.  Stadium/Chinatown Skytrain is about 4 blocks east and 2 blocks south.
How do I make the most of my internship?
Ask questions! Meet people including your fellow interns and your team members.  Join a community team like the Green Team or Intern Committee.  The culture here is open and friendly.  We want you to succeed!
What does SAP stand for?
Originally, SAP was translated from the German Systemanalyse und Programmentwicklung to mean System Analysis and Program Development.  The acronym currently stands for Systems, Applications and Products in Data Processing.
What is ERP?
Enterprise Resource Planning. This is software used by large corporations to plan and manage their resources. SAP is the leader in this field.
There are so many acronyms! How can I learn them all?
Look for SAPedia, an internal online wiki of acronyms, abbreviations, and terms relevant to SAP.  There is also a mobile app, SAPedia Mobile, that you can download from the App Gallery.  Type it into the search bar in the corporate portal.
What's the corporate portal?
https://portal.wdf.sap.corp/irj/portal - This is your gateway to access all the available information on the internal corporate site.
How do I find my pay slip?
Go to the corporate portal.  Look for Employee Services > Me at SAP > Personal Data.  Click Online Payslip.
How much vacation do I get?
As interns, you do not get paid vacations.  However, if you need to take days off, you can speak with your manager and work something out, either by coming in early or staying later to make up hours, or by taking time off depending on your workload.
Are there nap rooms in the office?
Yes.  They are quite popular.  There is a nap room on the first floor (Adriatic) and on the third floor (Seoul).  
Help! I'm lost.  I can't find (insert meeting room)!  Where is it?
Check the handy online Meeting Room Finder on the SAP Corporate Portal by searching for vancouver meeting room finder.  There are also maps located near some of the stairwells.
Do I get a Lunch On Us card?
Sorry, interns and contractors do not get a meal benefit.
What's the co-op email list?
The co-op email list is a long-standing tradition leading back to at least the pre-BusinessObjects and Crystal Decisions days.  Email messages with the [co-op] tag are sent out to co-op, interns, contractors, and full-time employees who want to be on the mailing list.  Ask an intern to get your eamil address on the list.  Then set a filter in Outlook to transfer these emails to a co-op folder or wherever you prefer.
What's the intern committee?
The SAP Vancouver Intern Committee was started last year as a way for co-ops and interns here to plan social events, sports, networking activities, and BBQ's to help get the most out of their internships.  Talk to the senior interns for more information on how to participate.  This app was developed by interns in the Intern Committee.
What's the ELT?
Executive Leadership Team - This is the group of executives that guide the operations of this site. It includes Kirsten Sutton, Don Wakefield, Baerbel Ostertag, Andy Cobbold, Janet Wood, Jayme Smithers, Richard Slipec, and Tracey Arnish.
Can I get a full-time job here?
Maybe. It's hard.  Headcount is strict.  However, many full-time employees and contractors here started out as interns.  Talk to Agnes Block for more information.   
What time do I come to work?
The core hours are between 10am and 4pm.  Interns are expected to work 40 hours a week.
How do I get access to the gym?
Sign the waiver forms and submit them to the box on the second floor.  It may take up to ten business days to process the forms.
Is there free fruit in the morning?
Yes, indeed.  The fruit baskets are filled every morning at about 7:30am.  If you come early enough, there are grapes, blueberries, and strawberries sometimes.  
